Starting of with research about what to do for my project.
Have an Idea to make a Security alarm using the Arduino Board.
Submitted Project proposal.
Done research about ardunio boards and it's functions.
Looked into each sensor's I want to use for my project so I can have a better idea how they will/should work. 
Done a list of parts that I would need for my project.
Submitted the parts requests.
Started working on the arduino by getting it all set up on my computer.
Work on getting the PIR motion sensor working.
All set up with installing Arduino app
Got the PIR Motion sensor working.
Done a bit research on LCD and what can i display on it.
Worked towards submitting porject for Christmas Presentation.
Finished with Christmas presentation and submitted it.
Got the LCD working ans was able to print on the Screen - Hello World.
Got the PIR motion sensor and buzzer working and also printing on the LCD.
Worked on the Gas sensor to get it work on it's own and got that working. 
Worked on the Passcode but only able to enter digits so far so I will be working on this a bit more next week. 
Worked on getting the Gas sensor and the PIR sensor to detect either in the main project but getting few errors as it is able to read the pir motion sensor but not the Gas sensor.
Going to stay on working on that and the passcode this week again.
I got the Gas and the PIR sensor working in the main project. I started working on the Sound sensor now. First, I'm trying to get the sound sensor work on its own before I put it in the main project.
I'm nearly finished with the passcode as I'm able to put in numbers from 1-9 but not able to proceed after that. So i'm still working on the passcode too hopefully I'll be finished with the passcode by end of this week.
This week I worked on the sound sensor, and I got that working on its own. Next week I'm going to make it work in the main project.
Next week hopefully I will have the PIR, Gas and sound sensor working altogether. 
I'm still working on the passcode nearly finished with it as I made few adjustments so hopefully in the next or two, I should be fully finished with the passcode.
This week my focus was to finish the Passcode and I was able to finish it and get it fully working correct. I am to put in a code to activate the alarm and if you put the wrong code in it won't activate the alarm.
I also got the sound sensor working in the main project, it can detect sound and the buzzer and LED goes on when it does.
Next week I'm going to start on the GSM so it can send text messages when it detects something.
I am also going to start with the final report as there is only few weeks left to submit.
Wooked on the GSM but having few difficulty with it but going to give more time on it next week.
Got a good bit done on the final report. 
Worked on the GSM but had few problems as was not able to send a text message and I had ran out of time but overall I done a good job getting everything else to work. 
Finished with the Report, Poster and Architecture Diagram
Finished with the Video and the 2 minute Video.
